Like Brother Li, I really love my sister too much.
I came to save my sister, and my hands became like this.
I have already lost my sister, and I cannot lose my brother Li again.
No one wants to steal it from you, and Rezeyo is not an item.
Brother Li is very special to you, he knows you are not a sister.
But he still... If you are here to be a tax payer for him,
That's not what I meant either.
I mean,
Brother Li puts his feelings for his sister on you.
This is no big deal to you.
whether it's you or him
I hope to start from today
Let's not disturb my harvest again
You haven't left yet
I kindly sent Mr. Li home
Why don't you invite me in for a cup of tea? I ask you.
Have you already treated wine as an improvement to a minor illness?